Refactor/logging (#12)
SophieHsu/3d-plan-eval: README.md

### Setup the Planner Project Repo ###
Install the planner outside of this project folder. Link to the FOV-Aware planner repo: [link](https://github.com/SophieHsu/FOV-aware-planner)
```
git clone git@github.com:SophieHsu/FOV-aware-planner.git
```
Follow along the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/SophieHsu/FOV-aware-planner/blob/main/README.md) to setup this repo.

### Install SteamVR ###
Install the SteamVR (found [here](https://store.steampowered.com/app/250820/SteamVR/)) using the steam platform.

### Install Oculus ###
- Perform the initial setup of your VR headset. For oculus/quest see [this](https://www.meta.com/blog/quest/you-got-a-quest-2-heres-how-to-set-it-up/).
- Set the VR headset to run with SteamVR. For oculus/quest see [this](https://docs.varwin.com/latest/en/instructions-for-using-the-oculus-quest-2-headset-2260861409.html).
## Usage ##
- Setup
  - Start by setting up the  config and maps to be the same for both igibson and overcooked. If you're using the
    provided config files. This has already been done for you. 
- Starting the overcooked server

>   - Begin running the Overcooked server by navigating to the FOV-aware-planner and run the following script (a baked in restart mechanism for up to 5 restarts in case of crashes due to dropped connections)

Reviewer: I think we should still keep some parts of these instructions. Also, definitely keep the restart mechanism.

> This project uses multiple repositories to run. Although this repository contains the primary focus of the paper. You would

Reviewer: This project uses multiple repositories to run. This repository contains the primary focus of the VR experiment mentioned in the paper. You would

> This project uses multiple repositories to run. Although this repository contains the primary focus of the paper. You would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses multiple repositories to run. This repository contains the primary focus of the VR experiment mentioned in the paper. You would
```
